we love this stuff yeah and you make all
that stuff because it's for the food our
master and me let's make a song about
food oh you're the master hey hey hey
hey hey you got in my room
what we're making today is food on a
Japanese noodle dish that we're going to
prepare warm and put our own toppings in
it this is actually fresh and healthy
and the great thing about this dish it
literally takes just a couple minutes to
put together and the toppings that we
use are ones that you have in your
refrigerator and the broth is a
concentrated base noodle sauce called
sit suits about TSU why you and you can
find it online or at Asian grocery store
so the noodles that I bought come in a
five pack of these single block frozen
noodle noodles so what we're going to do
is we're just going to go ahead and put
this in and I'm going to put two so it's
enough food to feed the boys in myself
so we're going to boil these noodles
just for a couple minutes
now with the sauce you could use the
concentrated sits and sauce on itself
the ratio is about 8 cups of water to
one portion of sit zoom you can also
increase the depth and flavor and the
Maumee of the sauce by adding just a
couple coins of ginger and a little bit
of soy sauce and some sesame oil and
some mirin which is a sweet Japanese
seasoning but a lot of these sauces can
be found at your local Asian grocery
store and surprisingly more supermarkets
are carrying these types of things in
there Asian food sections once that
comes to a boil you can turn off it
doesn't really need to do anything else
and the noodles only take a couple
minutes and you basically want to cook
them until they're unthawed that you
don't want to overcook it and you have
mush
you want chewy noodles and now we're
going to go ahead and strain them now
some people might wonder why do we not
cook the noodles in the broth it's
because you want this pure noodle flavor
and the broth serves its own purposes we
want nothing to influence the broth now
the great thing about this broth that we
have going on here you can serve it
plain with the noodles however if you
have anything like broccoli or protein
that's uncooked that needs to be cooked
a little piece of my my fish this is the
time where we throw it into the broth
and let it cook for about a minute you
just want to cook the ingredients until
it's just barely cooked
Wow I think I mean I might marry she was
still alive anyway you might marry me if
I'm still alive that's like the nicest
thing anybody has ever said yeah what's
the way to a man's heart uh I forget a
weight on me as heart is ood oh yeah
right yeah everybody there's some food a
coffee which is some seasoned nori
assessments it's a very popular
condiment that's gonna be mine right I
want a pink Chuck yeah the pink one okay
there you go
good job you make the glist who don't
ever how Elliot coming from you that's
like the ultimate compliment thank you
it's your secret spy thing so good lunch
when there's silence
delicious get the full recipe from
today's episode on PBS parents kitchen
explorers and don't forget